Pearl, be careful
Mr. Ding, please ask
Little things.
Shut up if you don't hurt your vital parts
Zhou Jiewen quickly contacted the doctor
Mr. Jiang, your signal can't be typed out
Can't get through, won't you go to the hotel to find someone? Yes
I'm going to ruin your clothes.
Burn the dog for you
Bear with me.
It's alright, Mr. Jiang
Leave it for so long
Take this off too
Go first, this is the only bottoming shirt I have here.
No.
Take it off again
Then I'll put your sleeves through
Call out when it hurts
It's okay, you can bear it.
Why did you endure
It seems that after my father passed away in a car accident
Others call me a broom star
I learned to be patient
Where else is it hurt?
Mr. Zheng, put me down quickly
That's not good.
Put me down
You've never seen a male doctor treat a female patient
Boys and girls are different
Some things boys do are romantic
Girls are Taurus
I just want to take you back to the hospital quickly
Treat your wound
I didn't think about it that much.